Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 8) (#15337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/44/index.md

#### New APIs

- An experimental implementation of the Canvas API in Workers has landed: {{domxref("OfflineCanvas")}} and {{domxref("HTMLCanvasElement.transferControlToOffscreen()")}} are available behind the `gfx.offscreencanvas.enabled` preference, currently disabled by default ({{bug(709490)}}).

> - The Text2Speech API, part of Web Speech API, has now an macOS backend. But this is disabled by default ({{bug(1003452)}}).

Author: ```suggestion
- The Text2Speech API, part of Web Speech API, has now an OS X backend. But this is disabled by default ({{bug(1003452)}}).
```
